I think a junior leader can still maintain closeness with their team without
fraternization is if they're firm but fair. I think everybody
respects a ninja vigil who is consistent in their leadership. That
is not playing favoritism with others. That gives everybody equal opportunities
to advance, to perform toe have those chances and maybe
sometimes even reminding, reminding them that once they achieve a leadership
position that this is the model it should ascribe. Thio and
I think that it's it's a fine line sometimes, but it's definitely achievable,
and we see some of the greatest leaders be able to accomplish
that.